
## recap

Having recovered from your fight against the death knight, the hags fulfilled their part of the bargain 
and lent you some speed to chase down the rabbit. After several days' pursuit, you cornered it and 
awkwardly got transported to the feywild. In the feywild, at the center of the crater, was an area 
of darkness and corruption, so you headed there to see if you could get to the end of things.  
There you found an ampitheater built out of an ancient, gargantuan tree stump. In the middle 
was a shape shifting translucent fey beast, chained down by magical vines, with a black egg implanted 
in its skull. Three dryads appeared letting you know they were holding it down, but could not put it 
out of its misery.  
Your attempts to help it eventually provoked it in its madness to attack you with conjured displacer beasts. 
During that fight, the dryads re-appeared with a moving statue, which extracted the egg from the beast's 
head. Rayne, intuiting something was not right about this, shot and broke the egg, spilling an unborn 
yuan-ti anathema onto the ground. This action enraged the coven of hags, who were disguised as the dryads, 
and they began attacking, assisted by the enslaved death knight!  
The group defeated the death knight. They wore down the hags, leading to Bonechewer betraying Ghastly by 
stealing her Heartstone, forcing Ghastly to flee to the material plane. 

The death of the beast broke unnatural gathering of the planes, and, as they separated, the group was 
ejected to the material plane. The death knight, released from some burden of their mortal life and finally 
able to repent, used its last minutes to thank you and sketch a map on the ground. 

## options for staying at the mountain  

Searching the mountain. Most of the former druidic conclave has been lost to time and overgrowth, but when it 
came to more important buildings, they were clearly built to last. 

You find three libraries.  Most of the books and scrolls are completely lost to time having been long ago 
consumed by insects or having collapsed to dust, but you find wax-sealed cases containing some interesting 
things. 
Blueprints of creation: 
    * Bag of Holding
    * Boots of Elvenkind
    * Cloak of Elvenkind 
    * Dust of Disappearance
    * Elemental Gem
    * Potion of Healing
    * Greater Potion of Healing
    * Superior Potion of Healing

## options for splitting up 

## options for travelling 

## destinations
* Larethian  -City of the elves
* Ging Onol - Young Mountain, city of the new dwarves







