
## in the dream of the prey 
The group is in the shadowfel. They are tracking a spectral white rabbit. It 
has been fleeing and is now cornered by 8 shadow mastiffs (volos). 

Just as the group disturbed the dream of the Predator, they will need to try 
and wake the prey.
Due to its nature, the prey must be caught. The prey is, of course, super fast.
How fast is it: 90 over land. 

The prey can be caught via skill challenge. 
The prey can be chased down. 
Lets have as a backup, hags, because hags. 

## the coven 
There are three [Night Hags](#monsterbox/Night Hag)  
1. Aunty Lady Ghastly
    * Enjoys wagers 
    * Is more prone to form pacts and communities 
    * Is looking to recapture space
    * Is very eager for gossip 
2. Driftwood Sally  
    * Laughs at her own jokes 
    * Seeks power 
    * Has a collection of favors of other hags
    * Flirts with handsome men 
3. Cackling Ethel Bonechewer  
    * Never volunteers information, only responds to questions
    * Aquires treasures
    * Owes a favor to ghastly 
    * Will not lie, but will deceive 

That have formed a coven to try and capture a [Death Knight](#monsterbox/Death Knight)  
That is wandering the shadowfel. They are in posession of its head. Aunty Ghastly wants 
its soul, Ethel Bonechewer wants its scythe, and Driftwood Sally is satisfied procuring 
favors from the other two. 
Being unable to overpower it, they have been tracking it and waiting for an opening. 

Side goal: They want the egg implanted in the Predator. They wouldn't mind corrupting 
the primal spirit's dreams even more either. 

Mounts: 
Aunty Lady Ghastly rides in a pillow-stuffed wagon, caried aloft by enchanted quicklings.
Driftwood Sally rides in a device with two eight-foot tall wheels up front, and two tiny 
wheels in the back. She improbably cranks the front two wheels with a crooked rod that 
connects them. 
Bonechewer rides in a chariot pulled by four giant wasps. 

They can offer to help the group catch the rabbit if all else fails. 

Flagfor
Erin 
Giausur 
Rayne
Jack
Kit 
DK 180 -> 175 -> 141 -> 139 -> 117 -> 88 -> 82 -> 78 -> 48 -> 27 -> -1
Hags: 




